SGZ Algorithm Code Academic License

This SGZ Algorithm Code Academic License (this “License”) covers Your use of the SGZ algorithm code.  Your use of the SGZ algorithm code signifies your acceptance of this License and agreement to be bound by it. THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE MAY ONLY BE USED BY ACADEMIC ENTITIES (AS DEFINED BELOW).  BY USING THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AN ACADEMIC ENTITY OR THAT YOU ARE ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ACADEMIC ENTITY.  IF YOU ARE ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ACADEMIC ENTITY, YOU FURTHER REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE FULL LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND IT TO THESE TERMS AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ALL REFERENCES TO “YOU” IN THE TERMS REFER TO THAT ENTITY. IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO MAKE THESE REPRESENTATIONS OR COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, DO NOT USE THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE. 
1.	Definitions
“Academic Research Purposes” shall mean use (a) required to verify the conclusions and findings of the research article: Sun JX, He Y, Sanford E, Montesion M, Frampton GM, Vignot S, et al. (2018) A computational approach to distinguish somatic vs. germline origin of genomic alterations from deep sequencing of cancer specimens without a matched normal. PLoS Comput Biol 14(2): e1005965. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005965 or (b) for other non-commercial academic research performed by an Academic Entity.
“Academic Entity” shall mean persons or entities that are not engaged in and do not intend to be engaged in the buying, selling, licensing, or production of goods and/or services for commercial advantage, monetary compensation, or profit.
“Affiliates” shall mean (a) an organization, which directly or indirectly controls Foundation Medicine, (b) an organization, which is directly or indirectly controlled by Foundation Medicine or (c) an organization, which is controlled, directly or indirectly, by the ultimate parent company of Foundation Medicine.  As used in this definition, “control” is defined as owning more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting stock of a company or having otherwise the power to govern the financial and the operating policies or to appoint the management of an organization.
2.	Copyright License Grant
Foundation Medicine grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable license to copy the SGZ algorithm code onto your device so that it can be used solely internally for Academic Research Purposes.
3.	Restrictions
a.	Any use of the SGZ algorithm code by any person or entity that is not an Academic Entity or other than as allowed in Section 2 is strictly prohibited.  
b.	You may not alter, arrange, transform, otherwise modify and/or create any derivative works of the SGZ algorithm code and/or combine it with any other program or code and may not allow any third party to do the same.
c.	You may not distribute, host, and/or otherwise make available the SGZ algorithm code, including for use in any service bureau, time-sharing or any situation where the computer system on which the SGZ algorithm code is installed may be accessed by any party other than You.
d.	Nothing contained in this License shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent or patent application, whether or not the exercise of any right herein granted necessarily employs an invention of any existing or later issued patent.  
4.	Disclaimer of Warranties
THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND FOUNDATION MEDICINE, ITS AFFILIATES, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FUNCTIONALITY, OR MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER FOUNDATION MEDICINE, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR ANY OF THEIR THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE AS TO THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE OR ANY CONTENT THEREIN OR GENERATED THEREWITH, OR THAT: (A) THE USE OF THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE WILL OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR DATA; (C) THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; (D) ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; OR (E) THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.  YOU MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY LAW.
5.	Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT (UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) WILL FOUNDATION MEDICINE, OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, SALES, OR BUSINESS, COST OF COVER, DIRECT, INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES  ARISING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY OUTPUT OF THE SGZ ALGORITHM CODE, LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATELY), AND REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF FOUNDATION MEDICINE OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
6.	Indemnification
You shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Foundation Medicine, its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, representatives, and employees against any and all losses, costs, liabilities, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, arising as a result of any third party claims or threatened claims of any kind whatsoever that may arise or result from your use and copying of the SGZ algorithm code.
7.	Termination
Foundation Medicine may terminate this License at any time and for any reason.  This License automatically terminates if You breach any term or condition of this License.
8.	Contact
Please contact Foundation Medicine at patents@foundationmedicine.com, slebarron@foundationmedicine.com, and aritter@foundationmedicine.com for any questions concerning this License.
